.TH DTMF 1 "JAN 2019" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
dtmf \- a tool to generate DTMF tones. DTMF encoder/decoder for regular files.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  dtmf [-s string to play]
.br
.B         | [ -b input file to convert] [ -c input file to convert] [-t tone file] [-o output file]
.br
.B         | [-h] | [-V]    
.SH DESCRIPTION
dtmf is listening for events on file system involving file or directories and it's able to send a notification and/or perform actiotions using a the plugins availables. For example, it's possible to send notifications by email, Apache Kafka messages, snmp traps, syslog-ng log entries or simply writing on the cosole.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -b\ input\ file 
It is a regular file (binary or text) that will be        
converted in tone coding.                                 
.IP -c\ input\ file 
It is a regular file (binary or text) that will be        
converted in tone coding intended for IOT/mocrocontroller devices, using a coding that doesn't need synchronization.                                 
.IP -t\ input\ file                                                
It contains a sequence of tones that will be converted back to the initial file (binary or text).                
.IP -o\ output\ file                                              
This flag is necessary if -b or -t is specified. This file will contain the encoded/decode data.           
.IP -s\ string
The string, with one or more ascii characters representing tones (01234567890ABCD#*), will be reproduced by sound card.
.IP -h 
print this help message.
.IP -V 
version information.
.SH BUGS
This program is a beta version, changes are possible. Please send me bug report to address specified here.
.SH AUTHOR
Gabriele Bonacini <gabriele.bonacini@protonmail.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR DTMF(1)
